Chapter 1:
The mistake
In a dark, damp shed covered in vines, a dim light bulb flickered as David and I sat on the grimy floor, plotting to defeat our math teacher.
Mr. Ezshacks was his name. He looked like a hag with long talons instead of fingers. He had a bald scalp and treacherous look when you got on his bad side (we were always on his bad side). He sounded almost identical to Brian Johnston, who was a friend of mine. Mr. Ezshacks always got a triumphant fire in his eyes when we got a question wrong, like that was what he was waiting for, but the instant he saw we saw through him, he pretended to panic and get anxious.
No one else was aware of the danger at hand. One way or another, he was going to have to die quickly and quietly.
“You could spray his back in battery acid while I try to hide the homework,” David suggested. “I don’t think that’s going to work unless he’s sleeping,” I said. “He might turn around. The batteries will explode on us, or something.” 
“Maybe we could kill him at his house if we find out where he lives,” he said.
“But that could take weeks!” I said. “We need it now! We don’t have weeks!”
“We could wing it, or use his own tricks against him,” he suggested.
“That’s almost impossible, with him being our freaking brilliant teacher who invented those tricks!”
“What if he is good?”
“David, I am 100% certain he has done something bad at least a few billion times, and is worth killing.” 
“But—” 
“No. He has. Have you ever looked at his eyes?”
“I just remembered something. While you were staring lovingly into his eyes, I was looking at the ground in boredom. And guess what I found? A trapdoor.  T-R-A-P-D-O-O-R. Do you know what this means?”
He stared at me as I processed the information.
The door flew open suddenly, but no one was there.
“It was the just the wind,” David said.
“Or a ghost,” I suggested.
“Those don’t exist.”
“It could have been ding-dong ditching”
“That’s highly illegal.”
“What if it was a freak accident with hinges?” David asked.
“Come on,” I said. “Let’s get back to work.”
“What if it was a—”
“David?”
“Yeah?” he said.
“Shut up, please. I asked we get back to work.” 
“What happened to Brian?”
“He left. I only had a few friends before the schism. Can we get back to the break in?”
“Sure. So, when we split up when we get to the Floodwall, check out the security, break into the random tool shed that we think is cursed, steal all the tools, pack it into the bag, and then…,” his voice faded away to nothing.
“And then?”
“Are we ACTUALLY going to kill him? Isn’t that a little harsh?”
“No,” I said, “it’s worth it. I told you, he is a wanted criminal.”
He went quiet for a few minutes. Then he asked, “Are you scared?”
I thought for a few seconds. “Yeah.”
“Is that why you want to kill him?”
“Kind of. I don’t want to see the bright eyes staring every single time we get a question wrong. Are you ready?”
“Yeah, as ready as I will get.”
“Let’s stop by at the base first. We need supplies.”
We got ourselves cleaned up (hid our stuff) and began to start. We began down the long and twisted road leading to the Floodwall (being that the school was on the other side).
“What if he’s good?” David asked again.
“Ridiculous! He gives us homework; he’s bad.” I said.   “How many times do I have to say it before you start to listen?” But, secretly, I was hoping I could spare him. He has never done anything we have witnessed, and we might kill him in the innocent blood. But it looked like he could do anything from turning you into a snake, to a hamster. Suddenly I saw a shadow in the trees. Then it shimmered out of existence and disappeared.
I decided this, too, was a trick on my eyes and decided to not tell David, once again, for fear he would panic. I decided to start up a conversation. “Do you think he knew?” I asked. David stopped. He glanced nervously behind him. “We forgot…” he said, clearly lost in thought. “What did we forget?” I asked. “When the door opened… I saw a dark trench coat. I thought okay, so it was just a prank. Just now I realized… What if… he put a drone in the room… with all the plans in it… to kill the teacher… and what-” “David?” he looked up distracted. “Yeah, what?” We were at the schoolyard now. I gave him a look that said; Later. “Should we go in?” David asked. “Yes, but we need to be careful and quiet,” I responded. We snuck around to the side. Let’s go! I thought, picking up the closest, largest rock I could find.
“Help me lift this,” I said, despite the fact the rock was very light. “It looks pretty light,” David said, helping me anyway. We threw it through the window. I hoped there were no teachers in the school, except the one we came to murder. We climbed through the window, ending up in the east corridor. 
“Come on,” I whispered. 
“I’m coming!” David responded. We ran out the door as quietly as we could, looting everything of interest. If a teacher were to come, we would dart to either side and hope we look like shadows. But at the same time, not many teachers came by. In any case, we were prepared. We brought a rope with us, to 1 use as a noose, 2 to climb up something high and 3, to use as a tripwire. We both held one end of the rope, and dragged it on the ground until someone passed. We passed a set of stairs, a couple dozen classrooms, and a few teachers, none particularly the one we were looking for.
Then we found it: the classroom with dark figures drifting around. “Come on,” David whispered nervously. We entered, as anxious as ever. “The flashlights,” I whispered back. I heard him rummaging in his pack. Then he reached out and gave me a flashlight. “Come on!” I said as loud as I dared. Suddenly the figures moving in the dark stopped only to be replaced with whispers of the wind I turned on my flashlight. Suddenly a green light filled the room. At first I thought it was my flashlight that did that. I heard a flashlight fall to the ground. I looked to David for an answer, but he wasn’t there. In his place was a slithering green snake. He looked at me with a sad hiss. I unsheathed my knife. Then I turned my knife over in my hand, so the shiny side was pointing at David at all times so I won’t lose him. I then went over to the dark desk. But David beat me. “Wait!” A familiar voice whispered loudly from behind the desk.
“Brian?” I called out.
“Where were you two? What are you doing?” He asked, bursting with questions. “I’ve been looking for you forever. You forgot your homework!” he handed me some pieces of paper, and then looked at David slithering on the floor and sighed. “He was probably just scared. He gets like that every other night. The sound of wind wakes him up and scares him.” “Wait, so you are saying, every night people turn into snakes? How many have been turned? Please stop scaring me.” “Every other night.” He corrected. “And I don’t know. A few million?” I knew better than to tell him what we were doing, because he believed the teacher was good. If we explained, he will attempt to stop us. But he has a lot of info a part of my brain said. So we told him.

He said, “What? Why didn’t you take me with you?” I didn’t respond. “He must have fell asleep after turning…whoever this is,” Brian said “into a snake.” I then went over to the bed so I could kill the man in revenge, but Brian sneezed so loudly, Mr. Ezshacks woke up at about the same tiem I was there. But David had already bit him on the ankle that was hanging over the edge of the bed. He said “W-what… b-but… My most favorite students” His face was pale and his eyes were glazed as he looked at the snake. Before he fell on his bed, he announced,“That snake isn´t poisenous”. “Great,” Brian said. “You killed the Science teacher. What have you accomplished?” “The deed has been- wait, what?” I asked, whipping around, David and Brian close behind. “Where did he learn that spell though?” 
“I think I know,” Brian responded. “He has a red book with a hand that has six fingers on the cover and a 1 in the middle of the hand.” 
“Where is it?”
“The desk.”












Chapter 2:
The Treacherous (Killer) Math Teacher
I was thoroughly examining the journal when the red and blue lights went off outside. “Uh-oh,” Brian said. You’re one to talk, Brian, I thought. You probably called them.  I sighed and picked up David. He fit snuggly in my pack. “Evacuate,” I whispered.
“What? Brian asked.



